README.md, before:

# IIB App Connect Projects

Welcome to the IIB App Connect repository! This repository contains multiple projects powered by IBM Integration Bus (IIB) App Connect. Each project folder includes specific details and instructions in their respective README files.

## Projects

- **BLOB to XML**
  - Description: Converts input from a BLOB-formatted HTTP request to an XML-formatted HTTP response.
  - [Link to Project (Readme)](./BLOB_TO_XML/README.md)

- **BLOB to XML With QueryString and URL Params**
  - Description: Converts input from a BLOB-formatted HTTP request with QueryParams in URL to an XML-formatted HTTP response.
  - [Link to Project (Readme)](./BLOB_TO_XML_QS_&_P/README.md)
  
- **Merge MQ Input with File Input into File Out.xml**
  - Description: Integrates input from MQ queue and XML file to generate an XML response, incorporating data from an external HTTP request.
  - [Link to Project (Readme)](./MERGE_MQ_&_FILE_XML/README.md)

## General Information

The projects in this repository demonstrate various capabilities and integrations using IBM IIB App Connect. Each project folder contains detailed instructions, setup guides, and usage information specific to that project.

## Getting Started

To get started with any project:

1. Clone this repository:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/ManuelCobos24/IIB-App-Connect.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```sh
   cd IIB-App-Connect
   ```
3. Choose the project folder you're interested in (e.g., `project_a`, `project_b`, `project_c`) and follow the instructions in the corresponding README.md file.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or have improvements to suggest, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

Commit message:

Aplication MERGE_MQ_&_FILE_XML_QS
Added integration flow for MERGE_MQ_&_FILE_XML_QS project: configured MQ and File nodes to handle XML messages from QUEUE.IN and In.xml, invoked HTTPRequest with QueryString parameters to integrate with BLOB_TO_XML_QS_&_P flow, and saved merged XML response to Out.xml.

README.md, after:

# IIB App Connect Projects

Welcome to the IIB App Connect repository! This repository contains multiple projects powered by IBM Integration Bus (IIB) App Connect. Each project folder includes specific details and instructions in their respective README files.

## Projects

- **BLOB to XML**
  - Description: Converts input from a BLOB-formatted HTTP request to an XML-formatted HTTP response.
  - [Link to Project (Readme)](./BLOB_TO_XML/README.md)

- **BLOB to XML With QueryString and URL Params**
  - Description: Converts input from a BLOB-formatted HTTP request with QueryParams in URL to an XML-formatted HTTP response.
  - [Link to Project (Readme)](./BLOB_TO_XML_QS_&_P/README.md)
  
- **Merge MQ Input with File Input into File Out.xml**
  - Description: Integrates input from MQ queue and XML file to generate an XML response, incorporating data from an external HTTP request.
  - [Link to Project (Readme)](./MERGE_MQ_&_FILE_XML/README.md)

- **Merge MQ Input with File Input into File Out.xml with Query String Params**
  - Description: Integrates messaging from MQ queue and XML file processing to generate an XML response, incorporating data from an external HTTP request to the "BLOB_TO_XML_QS_&_P" flow.
  - [Link to Project (Readme)](./MERGE_MQ_&_FILE_XML_QS/README.md)

## General Information

The projects in this repository demonstrate various capabilities and integrations using IBM IIB App Connect. Each project folder contains detailed instructions, setup guides, and usage information specific to that project.

## Getting Started

To get started with any project:

1. Clone this repository:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/ManuelCobos24/IIB-App-Connect.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```sh
   cd IIB-App-Connect
   ```
3. Choose the project folder you're interested in (e.g., `project_a`, `project_b`, `project_c`) and follow the instructions in the corresponding README.md file.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or have improvements to suggest, please open an issue or submit a pull request.
